# `B3Nature`

B3Nature project uses ICP blockchain to create a tokenized platform for environmental protection. Sponsors can donate tokens, and verified participants engage in cleanup, animal treatment, and reforestation, earning tokens upon proof. AI integration ensures efficient verification and payments, and public voting determines rewards.

## Key Features

- **Tokenization and Staking**: Users can stake tokens to sponsor environmental projects and earn rewards.
- **Verification and Rewards**: Participants can verify their identity, submit evidence of their contributions, and receive tokens as rewards.
- **Comprehensive Environmental Aid**: The platform supports a wide range of environmental initiatives beyond cleanup, including animal welfare and habitat restoration.

## Implementation

The project is being developed using the Motoko language, which is specifically designed for the Internet Computer. Below are the steps to set up and run the project.

To get started, you might want to explore the project directory structure and the default configuration file. Working with this project in your development environment will not affect any production deployment or identity tokens.

To learn more before you start working with `B3Nature`, see the following documentation available online:

- [Quick Start](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/deploy-locally)
- [SDK Developer Tools](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/install)
- [Motoko Programming Language Guide](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/motoko)
- [Motoko Language Quick Reference](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/language-manual)

If you want to start working on your project right away, you might want to try the following commands:

```bash
cd B3Nature/
dfx help
dfx canister --help
```

## Running the project locally

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

If you have made changes to your backend canister, you can generate a new candid interface with

```bash
npm run generate
```

at any time. This is recommended before starting the frontend development server, and will be run automatically any time you run `dfx deploy`.

If you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

```bash
npm start
```

Which will start a server at `http://localhost:8080`, proxying API requests to the replica at port 4943.

## Team Members

current team members working on this project:

- **Bahamin Deylami**
  - [Forum Profile](https://forum.dfinity.org/u/bahamin1/summary)
    git : Bahamin1
- **Behrad Deylami**
  - [Forum Profile](https://forum.dfinity.org/u/b3hr4d/summary)
    git : b3hr4d

Together, we are committed to making a positive impact on our environment and society through innovative blockchain solutions.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community. Please feel free to fork the repository and submit pull requests. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`DFX_NETWORK` to `ic` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` in the autogenerated declarations
  - Setting `canisters -> {asset_canister_id} -> declarations -> env_override to a string` in `dfx.json` will replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` with the string in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor
